FRANKLIN (ON TV) (looking into camera) Good night! And always remember,-- That's life.
FRANKLIN (ON TV) So I told my youngest son, Tommy, remember he's the 'not so bright' one,-- (laughter) I told him that the garbage strike is still going on. And he says, and I'm not kidding, Tommy says, "So where are we gonna get all our garbage from?"
FRANKLIN (ON TV) And finally, in a world where everyone thinks they could do my job, we got this videotape from the Gotham Comedy Club. Here's a guy who thinks if you just keep laughing, it'll somehow make you funny. Check out this joker. 67.
FRANKLIN (ON TV) You should have listened to your mother.
FRANKLIN (ON TV) One more, Bernie. Let's see one more. I love this guy.
FRANKLIN (ON TV) You can say that again, pal!
FRANKLIN (annoyed) Jesus, Gene, I don't have time for this. Cindy's been breaking my balls all day.
FRANKLIN Three marriages, you'd think I'da fuckin' learned something. (then) What do I gotta see? I already know he's a nut. That's why we're putting him on, it's a goof.
FRANKLIN Oh shut up, Gene. (to Joker) Murray is fine. I prefer it in fact. Thanks for coming on the show.
FRANKLIN So what's with the face? Are you part of the protests?
FRANKLIN I like it. It's timely. It's edgy. It's, it's dangerous. The best comedy is all those things put together. (done) We're gonna go with it.
FRANKLIN (flashes his bemused smile; condescending) Couple rules though,-- No cussing, no off-color material, we do a clean show, okay? You'll be on after Dr. Sally. Someone will come and get you. Good?
FRANKLIN (to Gene; trying not to crack up) Did I?
FRANKLIN (turns back to Joker) Well, if you say so, kid. Joker it is.
FRANKLIN (to Dr. Sally) You gotta see our next guest for yourself. Will you stick around? Maybe you can help, I'm pretty sure he could use a doctor.
FRANKLIN He looks like he's got a lot of problems.
FRANKLIN (turns, looks into camera) It's been a crazy few days here in Gotham, and, I think maybe things are about to get crazy around here too. Don't go anywhere folks. We'll be right back. 103.
FRANKLIN (looking into camera) O-kay, you may have seen that clip of our next guest when we first played it two weeks ago. Now before he comes out, I just want to say that we're all heartbroken here and sensitive to what's going on in the city tonight. But, this is how he wanted to come on the show. So let me introduce-- The Joker. 104.
FRANKLIN So, ahhh, thanks for coming on the show. But I gotta tell ya, with what happened at City Hall today, I'm sure many of our viewers here in the studio, and at home, might find this look of yours in poor taste.
FRANKLIN (tries again) Can you tell us why you're dressed like this?
FRANKLIN (can't help but smile at Joker's laughing) Okay. But I'm not sure how any of this is funny. A lot of those protesters are going with this look. City seems to be full of clowns these days.
FRANKLIN (smiles; trying to save the interview) So when we talked earlier, you mentioned that you aren't political. That this look isn't a political statement. 106.
FRANKLIN (beat; smiles) How's that goin' for ya? Have you been working on any new material? Do you want to tell us a joke?
FRANKLIN You brought a joke book?
FRANKLIN Oh god, a knock-knock joke? And you need to read it?
FRANKLIN Who's there?
FRANKLIN (ON MONITORS) So, Arthur, you told me backstage that your--
FRANKLIN (bemused smile; patronizing) Right. Sorry. I mean Joker-- you told me backstage that your mother's a big fan of the show, that she never misses it.
FRANKLIN (goes along with the "joke") Hold on. Your mother's dead?
FRANKLIN Okay. What about your father? Does he watch the show?
FRANKLIN (shakes his head; irritated) Yeah, that's not funny, that's not the kind of humor we do on this show.
FRANKLIN (too easy) Oh really? Were you a suspect?
FRANKLIN (looks at him confused) Okay. I'm waiting for the punchline.
FRANKLIN (turns back to Joker; with gravitas) You're serious, aren't you? You're telling us you killed those three boys on the subway. Why should we believe you? 110.
FRANKLIN (ON TV) Let me get this straight, you think killing those young men is funny?
FRANKLIN (beat) Okay, I think I understand. You did it to start a movement, to become a symbol.
FRANKLIN So that's it, you're crazy. That's your defense for killing three young men? Because they were mean to you?
FRANKLIN You have a problem with Thomas Wayne, too?
FRANKLIN And what's wrong with that?
FRANKLIN (ON TV) (shakes his head) So much self-pity, Arthur. You sound like you're making excuses for killing three young men. Not everybody's awful.
FRANKLIN Me? How am I awful?
FRANKLIN (on the spot; defensive) You don't know the first thing about me, pal. Look what happened because of what you did, Arthur, what it led to. There are riots out there. Two policemen are in critical condition, someone was killed today. 113.
'S HEAD OFF--
